Wife, touch it. No,
Just describe it to me and I won't touch it.
I actually heard the doctor at the hospital say,
If my disease is not cured, it will turn into cancer.
Is this true? It is.
But, I have a cure for your disease.
As long as you cooperate with my treatment, it will definitely not turn into cancer.
Really? Hmm. You don’t need to go to the hospital for treatment,
Don't go to the health station, I can treat you at home.
Don't worry, I won't do anything bad to you.
You are such a good person, why would you do bad things to me?
Okay, then starting from tomorrow,
Yes, my sister is responsible for taking care of you, and I am responsible for your treatment.
you like her very much
But, she dislikes me
This day you stay in our house
It's equivalent to having one more sister and finishing it off
Think about it, actually the villagers are not willing to come with my sister.
I believe that people's destiny is in their own hands
How could I be controlled by a long and broken article?
I also hope that you and your sister can become
If you have time, take care of her for me.